hey guys Becca here I've been trying to
grow my bangs out but I gave up like
always
so since many of you requested for been
cutting tutorial I decided to film the
process you need some clips hair Tyco
spray bottle or something to separate
your hair and of course scissors first I
am going to find the center split and my
hair then just using my fingers I'm
separating my hair at my ears and just
tying everything back I prefer to work
with wet hair but there is a tendency of
cutting off more than you think
so be sure to work slowly straight bangs
can often widen your forehead so I like
to split my bangs into thirds where the
two sections on the side will be long
and the one in the middle will be short
this will give the illusion of a smaller
forehead and best smaller face put the
two sections on the side for now and
we're going to start by working on the
middle section which will make up the
bangs I'm going to start by cutting off
the strands that are obviously too long
to let them match the rest of the hair
then I'm just again clipping the two
side sections back so they won't get in
the wait while I work on the middle
section I'm sorry that it's really
difficult to see but I'm working little
by little holding this as a vertically
so straight up I'm cutting off my hair a
little by little and don't cut too much
it's better to work slowly with little
cuts than to cut off a huge chunk and
then end up forgetting it then I'm
making a horizontal cut to cut off any
stray pieces
wedding the rest of my hair and
readjusting the three strands as you
will be able to see there are some extra
long strands which I will cut off
cutting vertically will lessen split
ends and will also give your bangs a
choppy layered look
versus the straight intense look the
reason why I split my bangs into thirds
is because the two side sections can
frame my face and cover up the sides of
my forehead making it look smaller if
you cut your bangs all across from
Temple to Temple
you can add width to your face making it
look shorter rounder and bigger this
kind of straight bangs work for people
like me with a wider forehead and
sharper chin since the balances out the
face
so after wedding the two side sections
I'm going to make tiny tiny quick cuts
in a slanted motion don't let your
scissor cut all the way down make small
cuts that will allow your hair to
gradually go from short to long this
will help cover some of my high
cheekbones again I'm making my face
appear smaller rather than wider which
can be a problem the straight and full
bangs
the two side sections are also split
into three links and the first is a
short is stopping at the cheekbone area
second is at the chin and since one side
is a little too long I'm making tiny
slanted cuts again to shave it down a
bit to match the other side the third is
the longest going just below your chin
and again I'm just cutting it a bit to
match the other side a lot of people are
worried that straight bangs can make
your upper part of the face look too
heavy this kind of thin and section
straight bangs will help to counter that
making your face look balanced
since I had curled my bangs to one side
earlier it's not that straight so I'm
just wetting it and blow drying it so
that it will not stick to one side did
you know that there is a use for the
other end of the blow dryer as it's able
to suck the heat left on your hair by
the blow dryer it can help keep the
shape of whatever shape you created with
a blow dryer
next I'm just cutting a little bit more
off to make my bangs stop right below my
brows and then I'm just curling my bangs
to give it some volume again I'm going
to utilize the back of the blow dryer to
make the curls stay
and that's basically it I hope you enjoy
this tutorial it's actually really quite
easy and just remember to work slowly
especially if it's your first time sorry
I haven't been posting much it's then it
really really it's been just hectic
lately so I will definitely be posting
more and I hope you will look forward to
that
thank you for watching I